# cheat variables

## Legitbot
Type | Key
------------ | -------------
check_box | legit_enable
check_box | legit_team_attack
check_box | legit_smokecheck
check_box | legit_flashcheck
check_box | legit_scopecheck
check_box | legit_jumpcheck
check_box | legit_backtracking
key_bind | legit_autofire_bind
slider_float | legit_deagle_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_deagle_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_deagle_aim_autopistol
check_box | legit_deagle_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_deagle_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_deagle_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_deagle_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_deagle_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_deagle_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_deagle_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_deagle_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_deagle_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_deagle_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_deagle_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_duals_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_duals_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_duals_aim_autopistol
check_box | legit_duals_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_duals_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_duals_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_duals_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_duals_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_duals_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_duals_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_duals_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_duals_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_duals_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_duals_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_five7_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_five7_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_five7_aim_autopistol
check_box | legit_five7_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_five7_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_five7_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_five7_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_five7_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_five7_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_five7_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_five7_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_five7_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_five7_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_five7_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_glock_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_glock_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_glock_aim_autopistol
check_box | legit_glock_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_glock_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_glock_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_glock_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_glock_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_glock_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_glock_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_glock_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_glock_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_glock_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_glock_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_p2000_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_p2000_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_p2000_aim_autopistol
check_box | legit_p2000_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_p2000_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_p2000_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_p2000_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_p2000_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_p2000_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_p2000_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_p2000_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_p2000_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_p2000_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_p2000_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_p250_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_p250_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_p250_aim_autopistol
check_box | legit_p250_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_p250_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_p250_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_p250_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_p250_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_p250_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_p250_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_p250_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_p250_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_p250_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_p250_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_usps_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_usps_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_usps_aim_autopistol
check_box | legit_usps_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_usps_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_usps_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_usps_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_usps_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_usps_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_usps_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_usps_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_usps_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_usps_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_usps_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_cz75_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_cz75_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_cz75_aim_autopistol
check_box | legit_cz75_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_cz75_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_cz75_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_cz75_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_cz75_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_cz75_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_cz75_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_cz75_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_cz75_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_cz75_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_cz75_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_revolver_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_revolver_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_revolver_aim_autopistol
check_box | legit_revolver_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_revolver_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_revolver_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_revolver_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_revolver_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_revolver_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_revolver_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_revolver_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_revolver_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_revolver_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_revolver_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_tec9_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_tec9_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_tec9_aim_autopistol
check_box | legit_tec9_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_tec9_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_tec9_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_tec9_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_tec9_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_tec9_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_tec9_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_tec9_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_tec9_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_tec9_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_tec9_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_ak47_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_ak47_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_ak47_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_ak47_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_ak47_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_ak47_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_ak47_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_ak47_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_ak47_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_ak47_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_ak47_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_ak47_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_ak47_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_ak47_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_ak47_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_aug_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_aug_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_aug_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_aug_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_aug_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_aug_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_aug_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_aug_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_aug_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_aug_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_aug_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_aug_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_aug_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_aug_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_aug_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_famas_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_famas_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_famas_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_famas_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_famas_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_famas_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_famas_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_famas_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_famas_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_famas_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_famas_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_famas_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_famas_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_famas_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_famas_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_galil_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_galil_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_galil_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_galil_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_galil_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_galil_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_galil_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_galil_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_galil_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_galil_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_galil_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_galil_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_galil_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_galil_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_galil_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_m249_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_m249_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_m249_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_m249_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_m249_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_m249_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_m249_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_m249_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_m249_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_m249_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_m249_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_m249_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_m249_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_m249_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_m249_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_m4a4_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_m4a4_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_m4a4_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_m4a4_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_m4a4_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_m4a4_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_m4a4_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_m4a4_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_m4a4_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_m4a4_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_m4a4_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_m4a4_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_m4a4_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_m4a4_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_m4a4_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_m4a1s_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_m4a1s_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_m4a1s_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_m4a1s_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_m4a1s_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_m4a1s_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_m4a1s_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_m4a1s_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_m4a1s_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_m4a1s_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_m4a1s_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_m4a1s_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_m4a1s_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_m4a1s_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_m4a1s_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_mac10_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_mac10_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_mac10_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_mac10_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_mac10_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_mac10_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_mac10_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_mac10_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_mac10_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_mac10_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_mac10_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_mac10_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_mac10_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_mac10_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_mac10_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_p90_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_p90_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_p90_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_p90_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_p90_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_p90_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_p90_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_p90_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_p90_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_p90_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_p90_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_p90_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_p90_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_p90_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_p90_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_mp5_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_mp5_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_mp5_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_mp5_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_mp5_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_mp5_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_mp5_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_mp5_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_mp5_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_mp5_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_mp5_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_mp5_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_mp5_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_mp5_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_mp5_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_ump45_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_ump45_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_ump45_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_ump45_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_ump45_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_ump45_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_ump45_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_ump45_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_ump45_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_ump45_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_ump45_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_ump45_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_ump45_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_ump45_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_ump45_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_xm1014_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_xm1014_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_xm1014_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_xm1014_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_xm1014_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_xm1014_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_xm1014_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_xm1014_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_xm1014_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_xm1014_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_xm1014_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_xm1014_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_xm1014_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_xm1014_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_xm1014_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_bizon_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_bizon_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_bizon_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_bizon_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_bizon_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_bizon_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_bizon_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_bizon_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_bizon_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_bizon_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_bizon_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_bizon_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_bizon_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_bizon_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_bizon_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_mag7_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_mag7_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_mag7_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_mag7_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_mag7_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_mag7_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_mag7_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_mag7_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_mag7_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_mag7_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_mag7_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_mag7_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_mag7_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_mag7_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_mag7_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_negev_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_negev_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_negev_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_negev_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_negev_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_negev_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_negev_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_negev_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_negev_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_negev_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_negev_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_negev_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_negev_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_negev_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_negev_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_sawedoff_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_sawedoff_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_sawedoff_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_sawedoff_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_sawedoff_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_sawedoff_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_sawedoff_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_sawedoff_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_sawedoff_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_sawedoff_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_sawedoff_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_sawedoff_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_sawedoff_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_sawedoff_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_sawedoff_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_mp7_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_mp7_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_mp7_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_mp7_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_mp7_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_mp7_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_mp7_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_mp7_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_mp7_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_mp7_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_mp7_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_mp7_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_mp7_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_mp7_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_mp7_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_mp9_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_mp9_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_mp9_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_mp9_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_mp9_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_mp9_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_mp9_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_mp9_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_mp9_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_mp9_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_mp9_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_mp9_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_mp9_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_mp9_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_mp9_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_nova_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_nova_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_nova_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_nova_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_nova_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_nova_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_nova_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_nova_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_nova_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_nova_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_nova_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_nova_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_nova_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_nova_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_nova_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_sg553_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_sg553_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_sg553_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_sg553_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_sg553_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_sg553_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_sg553_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_sg553_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_sg553_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_sg553_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_sg553_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_sg553_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_sg553_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_sg553_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_sg553_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_scar20_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_scar20_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_scar20_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_scar20_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_scar20_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_scar20_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_scar20_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_scar20_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_scar20_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_scar20_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_scar20_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_scar20_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_scar20_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_scar20_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_scar20_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_g3sg1_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_g3sg1_aim_smooth
slider_float | legit_g3sg1_aim_fov2
slider_float | legit_g3sg1_aim_smooth2
check_box | legit_g3sg1_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_g3sg1_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_g3sg1_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_g3sg1_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_g3sg1_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_g3sg1_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_g3sg1_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_g3sg1_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_g3sg1_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_g3sg1_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_g3sg1_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_awp_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_awp_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_awp_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_awp_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_awp_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_awp_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_awp_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_awp_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_awp_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_awp_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_awp_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_awp_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_awp_aim_silent
slider_float | legit_scout_aim_fov
slider_float | legit_scout_aim_smooth
check_box | legit_scout_aim_rcs_enable
slider_int | legit_scout_aim_rcs_pitch
slider_int | legit_scout_aim_rcs_yaw
slider_int | legit_scout_aim_hitbox
slider_int | legit_scout_aim_backtrack
slider_int | legit_scout_aim_shot_delay
slider_int | legit_scout_aim_kill_delay
slider_int | legit_scout_aim_hitchance
check_box | legit_scout_aim_autofire
check_box | legit_scout_aim_recoil_based_fov
check_box | legit_scout_aim_silent

## Ragebot
Type | Key
------------ | -------------
check_box | rage_enable
key_bind | rage_enable_bind
check_box | rage_wall_penetration
check_box | rage_desync_correction
check_box | rage_silent_aim
slider_float | rage_fov
combo_box | rage_active_exploit
key_bind | rage_active_exploit_bind
check_box | rage_pistols_autostop
slider_int | rage_pistols_min_damage
slider_int | rage_pistols_hitchance
combo_box | rage_pistols_safepoints
slider_int | rage_pistols_max_misses
multi_combo_box | rage_pistols_hitscan
slider_int | rage_pistols_head_pointscale
slider_int | rage_pistols_body_pointscale
check_box | rage_deagle_autostop
slider_int | rage_deagle_min_damage
slider_int | rage_deagle_hitchance
combo_box | rage_deagle_safepoints
slider_int | rage_deagle_max_misses
multi_combo_box | rage_deagle_hitscan
slider_int | rage_deagle_head_pointscale
slider_int | rage_deagle_body_pointscale
check_box | rage_revolver_autostop
slider_int | rage_revolver_min_damage
slider_int | rage_revolver_hitchance
combo_box | rage_revolver_safepoints
slider_int | rage_revolver_max_misses
multi_combo_box | rage_revolver_hitscan
slider_int | rage_revolver_head_pointscale
slider_int | rage_revolver_body_pointscale
check_box | rage_smg_autostop
slider_int | rage_smg_min_damage
slider_int | rage_smg_hitchance
combo_box | rage_smg_safepoints
slider_int | rage_smg_max_misses
multi_combo_box | rage_smg_hitscan
slider_int | rage_smg_head_pointscale
slider_int | rage_smg_body_pointscale
check_box | rage_rifle_autoscope
check_box | rage_rifle_autostop
slider_int | rage_rifle_min_damage
slider_int | rage_rifle_hitchance
combo_box | rage_rifle_safepoints
slider_int | rage_rifle_max_misses
multi_combo_box | rage_rifle_hitscan
slider_int | rage_rifle_head_pointscale
slider_int | rage_rifle_body_pointscale
check_box | rage_shotguns_autostop
slider_int | rage_shotguns_min_damage
slider_int | rage_shotguns_hitchance
combo_box | rage_shotguns_safepoints
slider_int | rage_shotguns_max_misses
multi_combo_box | rage_shotguns_hitscan
slider_int | rage_shotguns_head_pointscale
slider_int | rage_shotguns_body_pointscale
check_box | rage_scout_autoscope
check_box | rage_scout_autostop
slider_int | rage_scout_min_damage
slider_int | rage_scout_hitchance
combo_box | rage_scout_safepoints
slider_int | rage_scout_max_misses
multi_combo_box | rage_scout_hitscan
slider_int | rage_scout_head_pointscale
slider_int | rage_scout_body_pointscale
check_box | rage_auto_autoscope
check_box | rage_auto_autostop
slider_int | rage_auto_min_damage
slider_int | rage_auto_hitchance
combo_box | rage_auto_safepoints
slider_int | rage_auto_max_misses
multi_combo_box | rage_auto_hitscan
slider_int | rage_auto_head_pointscale
slider_int | rage_auto_body_pointscale
check_box | rage_awp_autoscope
check_box | rage_awp_autostop
slider_int | rage_awp_min_damage
slider_int | rage_awp_hitchance
combo_box | rage_awp_safepoints
slider_int | rage_awp_max_misses
multi_combo_box | rage_awp_hitscan
slider_int | rage_awp_head_pointscale
slider_int | rage_awp_body_pointscale
slider_int | rage_taser_min_damage
slider_int | rage_taser_hitchance
combo_box | rage_taser_safepoints
slider_int | rage_taser_max_misses
multi_combo_box | rage_taser_hitscan
slider_int | rage_taser_head_pointscale
slider_int | rage_taser_body_pointscale

## Antihit
Type | Key
------------ | -------------
check_box | antihit_fakelag_enable
slider_int | antihit_fakelag_limit
multi_combo_box | antihit_fakelag_disablers
multi_combo_box | antihit_fakelag_triggers
slider_int | antihit_fakelag_trigger_limit
check_box | antihit_antiaim_enable
combo_box | antihit_antiaim_pitch
combo_box | antihit_antiaim_yaw
key_bind | antihit_antiaim_flip_bind
check_box | antihit_antiaim_at_targets
check_box | antihit_extra_fakeduck
key_bind | antihit_extra_fakeduck_bind
check_box | antihit_extra_slowwalk
slider_int | antihit_extra_slowwalk_speed
key_bind | antihit_extra_slowwalk_bind
combo_box | antihit_extra_leg_movement

## Visuals
Type | Key
------------ | -------------
check_box | visuals_other_obs_bypass
check_box | visuals_other_spectators
check_box | visuals_other_aimbot_fov
check_box | visuals_other_watermark
check_box | visuals_other_force_crosshair
check_box | visuals_other_thirdperson
key_bind | visuals_other_thirdperson_bind
check_box | visuals_other_force_thirdperson
check_box | visuals_other_grenade_prediction
check_box | visuals_other_pen_crosshair
check_box | visuals_other_hitmarker
combo_box | visuals_other_hitsound
combo_box | visuals_other_killsound
slider_int | visuals_other_nightmode
multi_combo_box | visuals_other_removals
color_edit | visuals_other_aimbot_fov_color
color_edit | visuals_other_grenade_prediction_color
check_box | visuals_models_enemy_enable
color_edit | visuals_models_enemy_color_
check_box | visuals_models_enemy_behind_wall
color_edit | visuals_models_enemy_behind_wall_color
combo_box | visuals_models_enemy_material
color_edit | visuals_models_enemy_material_color
check_box | visuals_models_enemy_ragdoll_chams
check_box | visuals_models_team_enable
color_edit | visuals_models_team_color_
check_box | visuals_models_team_behind_wall
color_edit | visuals_models_team_behind_wall_color
combo_box | visuals_models_team_material
color_edit | visuals_models_team_material_color
check_box | visuals_models_team_ragdoll_chams
check_box | visuals_models_local_enable
color_edit | visuals_models_local_color_
check_box | visuals_models_local_behind_wall
color_edit | visuals_models_local_behind_wall_color
combo_box | visuals_models_local_material
color_edit | visuals_models_local_material_color
check_box | visuals_models_local_ragdoll_chams
check_box | visuals_models_hands_enable
color_edit | visuals_models_hands_color_
combo_box | visuals_models_hands_material
color_edit | visuals_models_hands_material_color
check_box | visuals_models_weapon_enable
color_edit | visuals_models_weapon_color_
combo_box | visuals_models_weapon_material
color_edit | visuals_models_weapon_material_color
check_box | visuals_models_sleeve_enable
color_edit | visuals_models_sleeve_color_
combo_box | visuals_models_sleeve_material
color_edit | visuals_models_sleeve_material_color
check_box | visuals_models_desync_enable
color_edit | visuals_models_desync_color_
combo_box | visuals_models_desync_material
color_edit | visuals_models_desync_material_color
check_box | visuals_models_fakelag_enable
color_edit | visuals_models_fakelag_color_
combo_box | visuals_models_fakelag_material
color_edit | visuals_models_fakelag_material_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_enable
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_box
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_box_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_name
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_name_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_weapon
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_weapon_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_weapon_icon
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_weapon_icon_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_ammo
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_ammo_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_skeleton
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_skeleton_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_history_skeleton
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_history_skeleton_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_multipoints
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_multipoints_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_sound
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_sound_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_glow
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_glow_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_arrows
slider_int | visuals_esp_enemy_arrows_size
slider_int | visuals_esp_enemy_arrows_dist
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_arrows_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_health
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_health_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_armor
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_armor_color
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_tracers
color_edit | visuals_esp_enemy_tracers_color
multi_combo_box | visuals_esp_enemy_flags
check_box | visuals_esp_enemy_far_esp
slider_float | visuals_esp_enemy_dormant
check_box | visuals_esp_team_enable
check_box | visuals_esp_team_box
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_box_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_name
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_name_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_weapon
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_weapon_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_weapon_icon
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_weapon_icon_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_ammo
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_ammo_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_skeleton
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_skeleton_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_multipoints
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_multipoints_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_sound
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_sound_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_glow
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_glow_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_arrows
slider_int | visuals_esp_team_arrows_size
slider_int | visuals_esp_team_arrows_dist
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_arrows_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_health
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_health_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_armor
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_armor_color
check_box | visuals_esp_team_tracers
color_edit | visuals_esp_team_tracers_color
multi_combo_box | visuals_esp_team_flags
check_box | visuals_esp_local_enable
check_box | visuals_esp_local_box
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_box_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_name
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_name_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_weapon
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_weapon_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_weapon_icon
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_weapon_icon_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_ammo
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_ammo_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_skeleton
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_skeleton_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_multipoints
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_multipoints_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_sound
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_sound_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_glow
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_glow_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_health
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_health_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_armor
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_armor_color
check_box | visuals_esp_local_tracers
color_edit | visuals_esp_local_tracers_color
multi_combo_box | visuals_esp_local_flags
check_box | visuals_esp_weapons_enable
check_box | visuals_esp_weapons_box
color_edit | visuals_esp_weapons_box_color
check_box | visuals_esp_weapons_name
color_edit | visuals_esp_weapons_name_color
check_box | visuals_esp_weapons_weapon_icon
color_edit | visuals_esp_weapons_weapon_icon_color
check_box | visuals_esp_weapons_ammo
color_edit | visuals_esp_weapons_ammo_color
check_box | visuals_esp_weapons_glow
color_edit | visuals_esp_weapons_glow_color

## Skins
Type | Key
------------ | -------------
check_box | knife_skin_enabled
check_box | glove_skin_enabled
check_box | weapon_skin_enabled
combo_box | knife_skin_index
slider_float | knife_skin_wear
slider_int | knife_skin_seed
slider_int | knife_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | knife_skin_model_id
combo_box | glove_skin_index
slider_float | glove_skin_wear
slider_int | glove_skin_seed
combo_box | glove_skin_model_id
combo_box | skins_deagle_skin_index
slider_float | skins_deagle_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_deagle_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_deagle_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_duals_skin_index
slider_float | skins_duals_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_duals_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_duals_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_five7_skin_index
slider_float | skins_five7_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_five7_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_five7_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_glock_skin_index
slider_float | skins_glock_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_glock_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_glock_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_p2000_skin_index
slider_float | skins_p2000_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_p2000_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_p2000_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_p250_skin_index
slider_float | skins_p250_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_p250_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_p250_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_usps_skin_index
slider_float | skins_usps_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_usps_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_usps_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_cz75_skin_index
slider_float | skins_cz75_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_cz75_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_cz75_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_revolver_skin_index
slider_float | skins_revolver_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_revolver_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_revolver_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_tec9_skin_index
slider_float | skins_tec9_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_tec9_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_tec9_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_ak47_skin_index
slider_float | skins_ak47_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_ak47_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_ak47_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_aug_skin_index
slider_float | skins_aug_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_aug_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_aug_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_famas_skin_index
slider_float | skins_famas_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_famas_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_famas_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_galil_skin_index
slider_float | skins_galil_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_galil_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_galil_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_m249_skin_index
slider_float | skins_m249_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_m249_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_m249_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_m4a4_skin_index
slider_float | skins_m4a4_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_m4a4_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_m4a4_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_m4a1s_skin_index
slider_float | skins_m4a1s_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_m4a1s_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_m4a1s_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_mac10_skin_index
slider_float | skins_mac10_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_mac10_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_mac10_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_p90_skin_index
slider_float | skins_p90_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_p90_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_p90_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_mp5_skin_index
slider_float | skins_mp5_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_mp5_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_mp5_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_ump45_skin_index
slider_float | skins_ump45_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_ump45_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_ump45_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_xm1014_skin_index
slider_float | skins_xm1014_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_xm1014_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_xm1014_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_bizon_skin_index
slider_float | skins_bizon_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_bizon_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_bizon_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_mag7_skin_index
slider_float | skins_mag7_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_mag7_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_mag7_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_negev_skin_index
slider_float | skins_negev_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_negev_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_negev_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_sawedoff_skin_index
slider_float | skins_sawedoff_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_sawedoff_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_sawedoff_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_mp7_skin_index
slider_float | skins_mp7_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_mp7_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_mp7_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_mp9_skin_index
slider_float | skins_mp9_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_mp9_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_mp9_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_nova_skin_index
slider_float | skins_nova_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_nova_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_nova_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_sg553_skin_index
slider_float | skins_sg553_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_sg553_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_sg553_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_scar20_skin_index
slider_float | skins_scar20_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_scar20_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_scar20_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_g3sg1_skin_index
slider_float | skins_g3sg1_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_g3sg1_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_g3sg1_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_awp_skin_index
slider_float | skins_awp_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_awp_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_awp_skin_seed
combo_box | skins_scout_skin_index
slider_float | skins_scout_skin_wear
slider_int | skins_scout_skin_stat_trak
slider_int | skins_scout_skin_seed
check_box | skins_viewmodel_enable
slider_float | skins_viewmodel_fov
slider_float | skins_viewmodel_x
slider_float | skins_viewmodel_y
slider_float | skins_viewmodel_z
slider_float | skins_viewmodel_roll
slider_float | skins_override_fov
slider_float | skins_aspect_ratio

## Miscellaneous
Type | Key
------------ | -------------
check_box | misc_unlock_hidden_cvars
check_box | misc_unlock_cheat_cvars
slider_int | misc_ping_spike_amount
check_box | misc_ow_revealer
check_box | misc_occulusion
check_box | misc_ranks
check_box | misc_autoaccept
check_box | misc_inventory
check_box | misc_money
check_box | misc_bunnyhop
check_box | misc_autostrafer
check_box | misc_jump_bug
key_bind | misc_jump_bug_bind
check_box | misc_edge_jump
key_bind | misc_edge_jump_bind
check_box | misc_fastduck
check_box | misc_clantag
color_edit | misc_ui_color
combo_box | misc_ui_scale
check_box | misc_ui_hints
